update process doc (#269)
waku-org/pm: PROCESS.md

   - it is usable by all types of users (operators, web devs, system devs).
   - It is documented (docs, dev rel)
   - It is of high quality (QA, Dogfooding)

> 2. Items (Milestones, Deliverables Epics, Tasks) can easily be closed and marked as complete thanks to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Items (Milestones, Deliverables, Epics, Tasks) can easily be closed and marked as complete thanks to:
```

    - Minimal external dependencies
    - Minimal intra-team dependency
    - Finite, well-define scope.
3. Each milestone and the effort needed to achieve it has a clear value thanks to a well-defined, value-driven, and minimal scope.

## Terminology and Scope

| Name         | Number of             | Timeframe                                      | Team Scope                                      | Owner                  | Description                                           |
|--------------|-----------------------|------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------|------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|
| Milestone    | ?                     | Pencilled for the year, planned for 2 quarters | Most subteams                                   | Waku Lead              | A, or cohesive set of, feature(s).                    |

> | Deliverable         | Several per milestone | Set for a milestone                            | Subtean leads | Subteam Lead or Member | Milestone work for a given subteam.                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Deliverable  | Several per milestone | Set for a milestone                            | One, some or all subteams | Waku Lead | A tangible item that is the result of the milestone's work |
```
I am owner of deliverable, ie, I decide when to close them because I am accountable to ensure that this tangible work is actually delivered.

A deliverable may be the result of the work of one, some or all Waku subteams.

Refer to https://roadmap.logos.co/what-is-a-milestone

> | Epic         | Several per deliverable | Set for a deliverable                            | Usually one subteam or external team (e.g. DST) | Subteam Lead or Member | Milestone work for a given subteam.                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Epic         | Several per deliverable | Set for a deliverable                            | One subteam | Subteam Lead | The work of a team for a given deliverable.  |
```

As discussed, we move away from epics for several subteam (dogfood) or for non waku teams (QA).

One epic = work of a waku subteam for a given deliverable.

subteam lead is accountable to ensure work is delivered, dogfed and handed over to QA, DST, eco dev or other waku subteam.

> | Task         | Several per Epic         | Set monthly-ish, delivered weekly              | One subteam or individual                       | Team Member            | May be one or several piece of work, client specific. |q

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Task         | Several per Epic         | Set monthly-ish, delivered weekly              | One subteam or individual                       | Team Member            | May be one or several piece of work, client specific. |
```

## Milestone Definition

> A *Milestone*:

Reviewer: This is now a "Deliverable" definition. But I think we can remove the "bundle" concept

Phase 3: If the scope is agreed upon, the team can proceed to create Epics and schedule work for kickoff.

## Workflow

> A *Milestone* is divided into *Deliverables*. A *Deliverable* is divided into *Epics*. Each *Epic* is assigned to a given subteam.

Reviewer: I'd used similar terminology to https://roadmap.logos.co/what-is-a-milestone

A *Milestone* is composed of several *Deliverables*, that are the tangible output to move towards the milestone's goal.

For a given *Deliverable*, each subteam that needs to produce work have a corresponding *Epic*. Meaning a *Deliverable* is done when all its epics (one or several) are done.

| `E:nwaku`         | nwaku                    | MVP quality software                                                               | Bring software to MVP level, proceed with re-architecture of PoC if needed, ensure functionality is usable, refine APIs, auto-generated/API documentation, ensure interoperability works                                                     |
| `E:js-waku`       | js-waku                  | MVP quality software, including all supported env (e.g. React Native & Web)        | Implement protocol in js-waku, same as nwaku.                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| `E:qa`            | Vac/DST                  | RFC-based + functionality based tests, both unit and integration tests.            | Test engineers take over and complete unit tests + add scenarios in integration test framework. In future, also add scenario to benchmark suite.                                                                                             |

> <!-- | `E:go-waku`       | go-waku                  | MVP quality software, include all supported bindings (i.e. C and Rust)             | Implement protocol in go-waku, only if needed by Status app.                                                                                                                                          <!-- | `E:bindings`      | nwaku                    | MVP quality software for supported bindings (WIP)                                  | Expose new protocol/features on binding APIs.                                                                                                                                                                                                | -->                                       | -->

Author: @fryorcraken how might I tweak the mermaid logic to reflect the new flow?

Reviewer: I'd trash it in favour of FURP

> | `E:research`      | Waku Research            | PoC, RFC, Protocol Simulations/Studies                                             | Initial work done by the research team to create or change a protocol. Engineering-only Milestones may not have such epic                                                                                                                    |

Reviewer: Are we keeping the labels?
```suggestion
| Waku Research            | PoC, RFC, Protocol Simulations/Studies                                             | Initial work done by the research team to create or change a protocol. Engineering-only Milestones may not have such epic                                                                                                                    |
```
